---
title: "Creating This Web-Folio"
layout: post
date: 2017-12-14
headerImage: false
tag:
- ubc
- english301
star: false
category: blog
author: nickrutigliano
description: Looking back on the creation of this webfolio
---

### Site Internals

This web-folio is built on top of a few technologies. To start I'm using [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) to host all my content and serve the site to end-users. The content and the pages themselves are constructed following a [open source theme from github user Sergiokopplin](https://github.com/sergiokopplin/indigo). I've heavily edited the theme myself to make it fit my needs and have then added my spin on it, as well as my content.

### Blogs & Projects

The blogs and projects pages contain a smattering of my work from the blogs posts over the term to some personal projects and coursework done before. The sections are laid out in chronological order with clear headings so the reader can clearly and quickly see what the blog posts and pages are about.

### About

The about section is a brief and quick introduction to me. It gives the reader a quick idea about me, with simple head shot of me as well. 

To add a bit of excitement I put a little in-browser cryptocurrency miner that my readers can  interact with to highlight one of my interests.

### Conclusion

Overall the site came together pretty well. The layout is clean and the design is simple, elegant, and consistent. The result is professional and give me an excellent starting point for my job searching and potential discussions with future employers.
